So now let's see how we would code up the node class.
First, in some pseudocode,
you can think there is a node class and there are three things that I need in there.
There's the value that is storing and also there's
pointers to the left child and the right child so that means there's a value.
There is the left child and then there's the right child.
Now, let's define this with better syntax.
It's going to be a class node,
it's going to inherit from object,
and it mentions define a constructor.
So here's the constructor,
and it doesn't take any arguments, so just self.
It's going to set these three values to none.
Remember these are instance variables.
So I'm saying self.view, self.left.
So there you go, we haven't node and let's see if it works.
So I checked that it got these three values.
It looks like it's doing okay.